['I want to keep creating cool things.', 'Be thorough with research! You can do this with DelegatePal(.com) - a free resource.', 'I’ll give a broad answer for a broad question.', 'The best solutions I have seen are usually never the most detailed solutions. I’ve seen some clauses with 10–15 sub clauses that look “visually appeali...', 'So I would divide moderated caucus topics into two categories- (a) Subcategories of importance (for example, “pay gap” as a mod caucus topic for women empowerment) and (b) recent developments relat...', 'Do you have prior debate experience? Public speaking experience? Have you written research papers before?', 'If you don’t have such prior experience, it will be quite difficult to do well in your first...', 'You can find the answer to your query in a previous thread - What issues could I discuss in MUN?', 'Feel free to message me for any further enquiries.', 'The same way you’d prepare for every other country. I’d strongly suggest researching the following way -', 'Off the top of my head -', 'I started off MUN as a lopsided introvert. I still am an introvert. I am proud to be one, and I don’t think it is something that can be “cured”. That being said, I’ve overcome social anxiety to a l...', 'I’m not sure of what “non-profits” specific to MUN are there, but these are some organizations that could help you.', 'For sponsorship -', 'Any company looking to expand its reach through social good would...', 'As the main submitter of your resolution, you can structure your speech the following way -', 'Seconding what Nicolas has said.', 'MUN is simply a simulation of the UN for middle school, high school and college students. MUN conferences usually span 1–4 days with debate and social events. You wi...', 'You can get the answer to your question here - What advice would you give a fresher who is going to attend his/her first MUN?', 'If you want more tips and strategies, go to DelegatePal(.com) and click ...', 'I would be up for it. What’s the occasion?', 'I’m assuming the errors you are referring to are related to the structure of your resolution. In that case.', 'You can find the answer to your question from the following quora threads -', 'So, so much!', 'I’m not studying politics as a college student and I was heavily involved with MUN in high school. MUN has helped me -', 'I would divide preparation for MUN into two important phases -', 'Phase 1 - Independent research', 'This phase of research happens few weeks prior to the conference. This is where you engage in in-depth re...', 'You HAVE to make sure your resolution is broad. A lot of people will give you contrary advice and say that your resolution has to be as detailed as possible, but that make the resolution too rigid.', '...', 'Is this an interview to answer specific MUN questions? I’m not exactly sure what you mean.', "This question has already been answered here - Bassim Eledath's answer to How can I answer good POIs in MUN conferences?", 'Feel free to message me if you still have further questions.', 'All the best!']